# SpreeFaire

Spree integration for Faire marketplace.
* Imports orders from Faire to Spree using FaireOrdersJob
* Sync Faire inventory levels from Spree using Stores#SyncInventory
* Update Faire inventory levels when a Spree Order is placed using FaireInventoryUpdateJob

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```ruby
    gem 'spree_faire'
    ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_faire:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.
  
5. Create 'Faire' store

  The gem requires a new store to be created in the backend. The new store should include the code 'faire'. Once the store has been created, obtain an API key by contacting Faire support. You will also need to select a user to associate with the Faire orders which are imported (Faire often does not provide an email address with orders).

6. Create 'Faire' payment method.

  The gem uses a payment method that must be called 

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle update
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_faire/factories'
```

## Releasing

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -p -t
bundle exec gem release
```

For more options please see [gem-release REAMDE](https://github.com/svenfuchs/gem-release)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2023 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
